I've the worst this city could throw at
me and I sent it home bleeding I'm done
living two mouths today I stepped
outside Divinity's reach hoping to find
better outside the city I can myself but
that's not enough anymore
someone has to those who can't please I
need your help everybody get to the end
we can do at the end I'll go captain
Thackery's never failed Divinity's reach
if I can them I will
Balthazar bless you
hey there you are it's great to see you
back on your feet come on let's go for
it this must be a special occasion hey
that's what friends are for
besides did you see the priestess of
dueña cute Quinn there you are
I'm gonna do right here and now problem
is Quinn got one of ours caught by a
rival gang
I want Alice back or I want Quinn's on a
stick don't be an idiot
Pete's not your friend he thinks
everyone's especially you you're just
gonna get into trouble again
thanks for coming not too busy to have a
word with me are you
I need some information about a thug
named to compete keep saving people and
you'll be the one to bring over in the
streets and believe me it's not as nice
as it sounds yeah Pete's not the man I
thought he was he doesn't care about the
struggle at all just why don't you get
it's possible if you want it bad enough
I've been thinking about it believe me
best not to here though
time's up Quinn you served your purpose
and now I got orders to you me but Pete
Pete's my friend you're nothing but a
see Quinn shut up you little whiner and
hold still
I've been looking forward to this
oh no I recognize that look in your eye
you're gonna a seraph captain Thackery
owes me a favor and this is right up his
alley
meet me at the tavern Quinn don't worry
I'll deal with Pete with each other
again after this is all over I'm gonna
hold you to that
Logan no you've been fucking centaurs
for too long
enjoy your victory I'll be in touch with
you again soon the Seraph can always use
it they can
rated T 4
I'm Phineas T roto star and today I'd
like to talk to you about on one side
you've got the X Isles a motley crew of
refugees outlaws and mercenaries on the
other the Dominion a powerful
interstellar empire that prides itself
on canals
you know torrents are born fuckers you
ever see it Turin salmon of course you
haven't have you ever seen a torrent of
Python really is quite exciting hey
diddle diddle the mucus and the spittle
the corpse sank in the lagoon the merlok
said to see such a sight and the dwarf
the baboo